Added reference to groovy dsl (#9665)
apache/camel: docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/dsl.adoc

* xref:components::spring-summary.adoc[Spring XML] - A XML based DSL in classic Spring XML files.
* xref:components:others:yaml-dsl.adoc[Yaml DSL] for creating routes using YAML format.
* xref:rest-dsl.adoc[Rest DSL] - A DSL to define REST services using REST verbs.

> * xref:groovy-dsl.adoc[Groovy DSL] - A Groovy based DSL using the fluent builder style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:groovy-dsl.adoc[Groovy DSL] - A Groovy-based DSL to create routes thanks to Closure and a specific Groovy extension module.
```
